Before the age of the twilight set upon the gods
Haunted by visions of his family
revenge/vengeance
My brothers. We were forged in victory.
A victory that ended the great war and brought forth the reign of MT. Olympus.
Rooted in the rivers of souls, our mountain emerged out of the chaos. As is grew, so too did the might of the olympians.
The mortal, Kratos, seeks to destroy all what I have wrought.
Put aside the petty grievances that have splintered us for so long.
We will stand together, and I will wipe out that plague.
Petulant child! I will tolerate your insolence no more!
Gaia! I can hold on no longer!
Do not deny me my revenge!
Listen carefuly, Kratos. You were a simple pawn. Nothing more. Zeus is no longer your concern. This is our war. Not yours.
I have been denied release.
Have never held me.
Appearances can be deceiving, kratos.
My blade was meant for Zeus. 
As we speak, the war for Olympus rages on (enfurece-se) and mankind suffers.
What has brought about this change?
Destroy the flames, kratos, and the very foundations of Olympus will crumble (desmoronar).
All I have left is my bow (arco). Please, free me and it is yours.
Please spartan. Spare me!
Your future is cloaked in shadow. The realm of the afterlife is not ready for you. Beyond that door waits your destiny.
As usual spartan. You are gravely mistaken.
So eager kratos. Relax. Soon enough we will have our time to play.
But don't be fooled by its enticing (sedutor) glow.
Neither god nor man can touch its lethal flame.
Fear is a heavy burden (fardo).
My concerns lay elsewhere.
So glad you could carve out (dedicar) some time for us.
All the memories. They're overwhelming (esmagadoras), really.
And it was you that butchered (massacrou) my beautiful queen.
I was the most prized craftsman (artesão) in all of olympus.
That day Zeus became the fiend you now know.
My mother Hera bragged (se gabava) to my talent.
But the day you killed Ares was the day my world was torn (rasgado) from me.
First of all, he took my beloved (amada) daughter Pandora. My reason for living.
Behold the power of the sun
The wrath of Helios
You will forfeit your life in trying
Where are you off to today?
You are off to kill your father.
// Doomed
It would never again infect his reign (reinado)
// Deceive, deceit
// Kin
// keep up Kratos
I thought you sought only the flame
After all you have sought.
As the raw metal took shape, I realized the flame was the safest place to protect it
My husband took pity
But he would not have it
// Forsaken somebody
// Release => libertar, lançamento
// slaughtered
// Havoc on Olympus
// Hush	

I grew weary of you my son
Tremble in fear
This is why we fight when all else is lost.	
Freed from the bondage of Olympus and cleansed in chaos. Now the mankind is ready to hear my message.
You still have it as we speak.
I dreaded what would happen if it was opened again.
From it you gained the strength that Zeus could never destroy, a strenght great enough to overcome fear
It has remained buried, trapped by your guilty and the failures of your past. When you killed Zeus, you must have allowed something to awaken it.
You would dare strike me down, again?
// Lift
The ocean swallow the land
Your ruthless murdering of the gods has caused all of this





Mocking
